---
layout: post
title:  "20220710"
date:   2022-07-10 19:30:40 +0800
categories: English
excerpt: 20220710
---

* content
{:toc}

Today I watched a video in the wechat group from Kevin Hart.

I googled this man. He is an American comedian and actor.

I got a PCR test this evening. Because it has been 3 days since the last test.

I used `github.dev` to post my daily post instead of vscode.

I found an error of my Blog. The post don't display if I don't add `+0800` after `date`.

### Today's words:

anger 愤怒 怒火

fellas 伙计们

ain't  不是

what pisses me off 让我生气的是什么

put a cap on something 给什么东西设一个限制

cut someone deep 伤人很深

mess with something 去破坏 去捣乱

mess 混乱 弄乱

mess with a man's pride 伤男人的自尊

pissin'inthebed ass boy 在床上撒尿的男孩

flit the mattress 翻开床垫

have an attitude 生气

bladder 膀胱

liar 骗子 说谎者

a big ass piss stain 一个大屁股尿渍

mountain dew 激浪 (Mountain Dew) 碳酸饮料

go too far 太过分 做的过火

seeing red 杀红了眼 大怒

go to the point of no return 不顾后果

steering wheel 方向盘

grab 抓住 抓取

### Lines of the video:

Women, y'all make me mad with that.

I'm gonna tell you what pisses me off, ladies.

I hate the fact, women, that you cannot control your anger.

I hate it. I really hate it.

Women, you need to learn to put a cap on your anger.

You know what I mean when I say "cap" sweetie. A cap.

It means a point that you will never go above.

That's a cap. 

Men, we have a cap.

What's the worst thing you'll ever say to a woman.

Shouldn't take that long, fellas, bitch.

bitch. There you go. Come in different levels. 

bitch, Hey bitch bitch, different levels. different levels.

Women, y'all don't have a cap.

Like y'all try to cut so deep when you get mad.

You want to mess with a man's pride, his goals.

Y'all say stuff that ain't nobody's business.

It's Christma. My mother's here.

You bring up personal stuff cause you got an attitude.

"Yeah, whatever. Yeah, whatever."

Whatever, Fuck you, pissin'inthebed ass boy.

Uhhuh What now That's right.

Go upstairs, flip the mattress.

It's a big ass piss stain on the other side, cause you don't know how to control your bladder.

Booya Right in front of your ma.

Now you gotta sit there with the "She lyin" face.

What you're a liar. No you're a liar. You're a liar.

That's Mountain Dew. I didn't pee on anything.

That's the difference. Ladies y'all go too far. When y'all get mad, y'all see red.

Y'all go to the point of no return. man.

Why do you grab the steering wheel while a man is driving.

Why Why

We both in the car. Y're gonna kill us both.

But you don't care, cause you see red.

"Fuck you. Kill us. Kill us both."

"Hey Hey Hey"

Kill your side. bitch. Ain't no kill us.

"Us ain't mad. You got the attitude."

