---
layout: post
title:  "2022-07-09"
date:   2022-07-09 16:24:33
categories: English
excerpt: 2022-07-09
---

* content
{:toc}

I updated the oh-my-env and updated the development environment in vscode.

I had KFC for my lunch.

I watched Backed to Field on lunch.

Its Chinese name is 向往的生活.

Today I start watching House of Cards and record down some lines.

I also watched the homework video from Lynn Toler, and record my voice.

This evening I want to play mobile games for a while.

Today’s words:

Sort 种类

Awfully 非常

Elected 选举产生

Indignant 愤慨 愤怒 愤愤不平

Esteem 自尊心

Tearing 撕裂 撕扯

Horrible 可怕的 恐怖的

Degraded 降级的 被贬低的

Congress 大会 议会 国会

Steak 牛排

House majority whip 众议院多数党党鞭

Haircut 剪发

As long as 只要是

As soon as 一旦

Sick of 厌恶

Not gonna happen 不可能发生

TV lines of House of Cards:

He’s not gonna make it.

The sort of pain that makes you strong or useless pain.
The sort of pain that’s only suffering.

I have no patience for useless things.

Moments like this require someone who will act or do the unpleasant thing or the necessary thing.

It was a hit and run, I’m awfully sorry.

Jump over the fence

Steve’s gonna file a report on the car, he’ll put his people on it. We’ll track him down.

You’re stunning.

President elected Garrett Walker.

That’s beside the point.

Any politician that gets 70 million votes has tapped into something larger than himself, larger than even me as much as I hate to admit it.

Look at that winning smile, those trusting eyes.

I clung to him early on, and made myself vital.

put him out to pasture
